Create script that allows JupiterOne integration instance creation for (#42)
JupiterOne/graph-google-cloud: docs/jupiterone.md

how to leverage the CLI in the
[Google Cloud integration developer documentation](https://github.com/JupiterOne/graph-google-cloud/blob/master/docs/development.md).

### Create JupiterOne Integration Instances for all Google Cloud Projects

A CLI is exposed from the
[`graph-google-cloud` project on GitHub](https://github.com/JupiterOne/graph-google-cloud)
that can be leveraged to create individual integration instances for every
project that a user has access to in Google Cloud.

#### Install Dependencies

The following dependencies are needed in order to run the CLI:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [Yarn package manager](https://yarnpkg.com/)
- [gcloud CLI](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud)

#### Running

The following shows all of the options that are exposed by the CLI.

```
JupiterOne Google Cloud Organization Integration Setup

Usage:

>   $ JupiterOne Google Cloud Organization Integration Setup []

Reviewer: Wait, wut? I must be misreading this. 😆 Wouldn't it be better as `$ jupiterone-organization-setup`?

Commands:
  []  Default command: Run the organization setup

For more info, run any command with the `--help` flag:
  $ JupiterOne Google Cloud Organization Integration Setup --help

Options:
  --jupiterone-account-id <jupiteroneAccountId>  (Required) JupiterOne Account ID
  --jupiterone-api-key <jupiteroneApiKey>        (Required) JupiterOne API Key

>   --google-access-token <googleAccessToken>      (Required) JupiterOne API Key

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  --google-access-token <googleAccessToken>      (Required) Google Cloud Access Token
```

>   --project-id [projectId]                       (Optional) Array of project IDs to create integration instances with

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  --project-id [projectId]                       (Optional) Project ID to create integration instances with. Passing multiple `--project-id` flags allows for ingestion of multiple projects.
```
